(BORUTO) Damn it!
Why do all of Shino Sensei's
lectures always have to end up
being so unbelievably long?!
I'm sorry I'm late! But no more
need to wait! Let's go to
Thunder Burger!
Quiet down! You don't always
have to be so loud, you know,
Boruto.
Are you the only one here,
Sarada? Where is everyone?
I don't know. Maybe they all
went home or something.
The Graduation exam's almost
here, so...
Huh?!
Man, I hate this kinda stuff!
When did everyone stop caring
about their friends, huh?
All of a sudden, everyone's so
serious about training. No one
wants to just hang out anymore!
I just don't get what the big
deal about graduation is, you
know?!
You listening?!
[sigh]
It must be nice, not having to
worry...
What do you mean by that?
(SARADA) I'm not saying this
just to pick on you, but...
Everybody else has a lot to deal
with right now. You probably
shouldn't bother them.
But friendship is supposed to be
eternal, right?
Uh...
I think you might be the only
one who believes that...
Uh... huh? [sigh]
(CHO‐CHO) I 'm so
tired...!
Huh?
Hey, guys! Over
here! Come sit!
Oh. Boruto.
Huh? What? You're really all
alone?
[chuckle] You guys just went
home after school without me,
huh?
Some friends all of
you turned out to be!
It wasn't like we
went home to relax.
All of our moms have been
pushing us really hard lately.
We're exhausted.
Oh, well, thanks for your hard
work!
Yeah, Inojin's right! I'm so
tired I can't even work up an
appetite!
[chewing] Mmmmm.
Hey, so... wanna continue the
quest where we left off last
time?
About our teamwork earlier...
Oh, yeah! I thought that it
went really well.
Of course, It was all thanks to
me, right?
You really should be more
grateful to me!
(SHIKADAI) Yeah, yeah, yeah...
(INOJIN) I was the one who lined
everything up!
I think you might be the only
one who believes that...
[chattering and eating]
What's wrong, Boruto?
Ahhh!
Uhhh, when did you get here,
Mitsuki?!
(MITSUKI) [chuckle] When I found
you here, of course!
So, what's going on? I must say,
it's not like you to be in such
a preoccupied daze.
Oh... It's nothing; nothing at
all!
Huh?
What's up?
Oh... It's that. Everyone likes
him, right?
Huh?
(KAGEMASA) My eye binds
everything and destroys the evil
it sees.
Hello, there! I'm Gongoro
Kamakura, but you might know me
as... Evil Jammer Kagemasa!
Today, I'm here to dine on the
elusive Eternal Carp!
That's Kagemasa?!
I remember that he'd
gotten really big,
but the news said
he'd successfully lost
all that weight.
So he's successful because he
lost weight? Are you trying to
insult me?
(KAGEMASA) ...I'm going to go
ahead and dig right in!
[chewing] This is delicious!
I've never eaten anything like
it before! My chopsticks! I
can't stop my chopsticks!
Seriously?!
Wow, that fish really does look
yummy.
That doesn't make sense‐ it's
just an oversized carp.
Why would an enormous
fish taste so good?
I have heard of it before. It's
said that once you have it,
you'll remember it, eternally.
That's why it's called the
"Eternal" Carp.
Hmph! You guys aren't gonna fool
me with your words, you know!
Mmmm.
Eternal... That sounds perfect!
I think we gotta go catch n' eat
this Eternal Carp! Let's make it
a thing and do it together!
We'll invite everyone in class
to come!
Aw, man what a drag... But
alright, what the heck.
Mhm!
If it's as tasty as they say it
is, we should definitely check
it out!
Right?!
You, Mitsuki?
I'll certainly go. If you do,
Boruto.
Alright!
Well, Cho‐Cho?
Wherever there's good food, I'll
always be there. Haven't you
figured that out by now?
[chuckle] I guess it was silly
of me to ask...
The Eternal Carp? Totally!
We stock 'em at the new
campsite that the Kaminarimon
Company opened.
So if we go there, we'll be able
to eat that fish?
Yeah, except that you'll have to
catch it yourself.
[Excited gasp]
(DENKI) They're being bred in a
hatchery on a trial basis and
released into the river.
But I have to warn you
they're hard to catch.
I really don't think we'll have
any trouble catching a giant
fish!
So, let's go camping on our next
break from the Academy!
Leave it to me! That way, our
company can use you as market
research subjects!
There it is. Things rich kids
say...
No, I... [chuckle]
[laughing]
Alright, great! And I'm gonna
invite everyone else along, too!
The Eternal Carp, huh?
Hm... A camping trip?
That sounds like a lot of fun.
Come on, let's go, Sarada.
Huh? Well... If you say so, I
guess...
Awesome! We'll go on our next
break, k? [chuckling]
I'm gonna catch an Eternal
Carp for sure!
(SHOP CLERK) Thanks for coming
in!
Okay, I think that ought to do
it.
The girls are in charge of
getting all the ingredients for
the curry,
so that's everything, then!
You sure are excited about this
trip. You up to something?
Huh?
Look, don't play dumb.
You're not the type of guy to
take charge over tedious stuff
like all these details.
Whatever...
Look... after we graduate, we're
all going our separate ways,
right? This is just...
...something for us to remember.
This whole thing is so unlike
you...
Would you stop with that
already? Anyway, next, I guess
we should go to...
Really? A camping trip?
That sounds so nice! Go and have
some fun!
Okay, what's the deal here? How
come you're in such a good mood?
Well, I guess because this is
kinda like your very first
sleepover with friends.
Look, it's not as if I'm going
on this trip because I actually
want to. Mm?
C'mon, now... for someone about
to go off and have fun, you sure
don't look too excited.
Did something happen?
No, it's just that stupid
Boruto is so stupid.
[chuckle] Oh, Boruto again, huh?
What's that...?
Nothing. It's just that I always
used to say that kind of thing
about Naruto.
(SARADA) What?! About Lord
Hokage?!
(SAKURA) To me, he's just plain
old Naruto.
So... were you guys really good
friends back in the day?
[sigh] Yeah, kinda...
Maybe not all that much while we
were at the Academy.
But when we became a team, we
became more than family.
Huh? You mean that you can
actually become closer friends
after graduation?
Yeah, of course you can!
So is friendship really eternal?
Eternal?
Hmmm... I'm not sure about
that...
But the friends I made then are
still my closest friends now.
Huh...
You know... Boruto is Boruto.
But if you mistreated him you
still owe him a proper apology.
What?! That came out of nowhere!
I didn't do anything to him!
Ohhh wow! How great! It is huge!
It is the perfect place to do a
little training!
Uh, Metal, we came to relax...
I was worried that it was gonna
be wet from all the rain
yesterday.
Thank goodness it's not!
So all that we've got are
faucets and hook‐ups, huh?
That's what you get at a
campsite.
Ha! C'mon, let's get this
camping trip started for real!
Okay, that oughta do it.
Okay, so, okay, so‐ Yeah?!
Mhm. I'll take you there now.
I can't wait to get started.
This is it.
Woohoo! Let's go fishing!
It's a drag, but what the heck,
right?
To be honest, I actually like
doing this stuff.
[grunt] You better watch out,
Eternal Carp
I'm so hungry! [chewing]
There's nothing. Is this normal?
[groan]
(CAMPSITE MANAGER) Oh! Denki!
Huh?
So what are all of you kids
doing over here at the
campground?
Hi, Mr. Caretaker! We're just
fishing.
I'm afraid there's no point
fishing here.
It rained yesterday and the
waters have risen up...
so the Eternal Carp have
all taken refuge in the rocks.
Huh?!
It's hard enough to catch an
Eternal Carp.
And with this current, it's
practically impossible.
Isn't there something we can do
about it?!
Well, if I was you, I'd just
give up!
Hm... So what now?
[grunt]
Huh?!
A bite!
No way!
Ah!
[straining]
You idiot! Don't reel it in so
fast or the line's gonna break!
But I've almost got it!
[straining]
[gasp]
Ah!
[grunting]
What did I just say?
Did you see that thing,
Shikadai?! [grunt] I gotta try
again!
Listen, just forget it. Once
your line breaks, you've got no
chance. It's all over.
But the fish was right there!
There's no way this is over yet!
Oh, just you wait, Eternal Carp!
(SHIKADAI) Yeah, yeah... But we
can't all just sit around being
hungry like this forever.
(CHO‐CHO) Shikadai is right. I
mean, I'm practically withering
away to nothing, here!
(IWABE) Oh well... I guess we'd
better start a fire soon,
or we're gonna miss
out on having curry, too.
Huh?! Hey, just hold on for a
minute, you guys!
(DENKI) ThAT fish sure did put
up a tough fight, huh?
(SUMIRE KAKEI) Yeah, I'll bet
that it's the boss of the whole
river.
[sigh and groan]
(SUMIRE KAKEI) Well, even so,
I'm still having fun!
(CHO‐CHO) Can we get the food
started already, guys?!
(INOJIN) Figures you'd say
that...
[chewing]
(CHO‐CHO) Mmm... Oh, wow! It's
so tasty!
[chewing] Iwabe, you're really
good at cooking! Mmm...
Every ninja needs to know how to
cook.
I see! Mmm...
Eat or talk. Please, just
choose one.
You know, I was sure camping was
gonna be a drag, but it really
isn't bad at all!
Once you took charge, Shikadai,
everything went smoothly.
(MITSUKI) I didn't think we'd
be having so much fun together,
either.
(DENKI) It's so awesome being
here with you guys!
(INOJIN) You know, everyone's
changed a lot just since classes
started.
Do you actually think so? I
think I've always been the exact
same me!
But, Cho‐Cho, you and I became
friends only after I transferred
into the Academy,
isn't that right?
Oh, yeah. I mean...
Hmmm... I guess I'm the kind of
trendsetter who changes everyone
around me!
I don't know if I'd go quite
that far... What do you think,
Boruto?
Hm?
What's wrong, Boruto?
I've gotta go, guys!
I'll be right back!
What's he up to this time?
I guess that he really must've
wanted to try the Eternal
Carp...
(INOJIN) He must've caught your
gluttony, Cho‐Cho.
(CHO‐CHO) I knew it! See, I
really am a trendsetter, after
all!
(INOJIN) I was being
sarcastic...
[sigh]
Alright... This time it just has
to work.
(SUMIRE KAKEI) There he is!
Boruto!
Hey there. What are you two
doing here?
So what's up?
It's nothing really.
(SARADA) Since when do you love
fishing so much anyway?
What? You have a problem with
fishing?
(SARADA) Listen... is what I
said before still bothering you?
I think you might be the only
one who believes that...
[grunt]
I bet you think that something
as simple as all of us eating
Eternal Carp together
will create eternal friendships.
No, I'm not thinking that at
all!.
What's wrong with wanting
to eat something super tasty
with everyone?!
But I guess what you said
did bother me; I won't lie.
Look, I'm sorry... I went too
far, and said too much.
Well now this isn't like you!
What's gotten into you all of a
sudden?
Oh be quiet! Do you always have
to have the last word?!
Well... you know, you actually
might be right about what you
said to me.
Trying to get what
you want to stay eternal just
isn't gonna be easy.
Hold on...! Are you only saying
all this because I backed down?
Huh?! Isn't that what I'm
supposed to be saying here?
[chuckle] This is actually kinda
fun!
You think this is fun?! Really?!
I've never experienced anything
like this.
Oh...
I don't know about this eternal
stuff...
But still... Thanks to you,
Boruto, I was able to change
myself.
And so... from now on... all of
you‐
Ahhh... So anyway, I've decided
that I, uh...
Ahhh... [grunt]
Boruto?!
That's him!! I'm absolutely sure
of it!
(BORUTO) [chuckling]
Huh?
That this is...
...the Eternal Carp?
[straining]
Boruto!
I can't hold him!
[straining]
Don't give up now!
Don't worry, I got this!
(SUMIRE KAKEI) Boruto!
Class Rep!
I have made a decision!
I'm gonna become a shinobi with
all of you!
Summoning!
[growl]
[chuckle]
Is that Nue?!
Huh?! It's what?!
Please, Nue!
[growl]
(SUMIRE KAKEI) Now that line is
unbreakable!
A long time ago... my father
created this power in order to
curse the world...
It's a power that was made to
hurt people...
But... Boruto, then you came and
taught me...
that I don't have to use it that
way and that I can be friends
with everyone!
You're damn right about that! We
wouldn't have a class if you
weren't in it, Class Rep!
Huh. I see... Who knew you had
something like this up your
sleeve!
Oh! I'm sorry that I kept it a
secret!
Well, then, I've gotta step it
up, too.
Boruto, sync your movements with
mine, okay?
You got it!
Ahhh!
Just a little more!
Right!
[straining]
Nue! Hang in there!
No! I'm not gonna let you get
away from me!
Huh?
Boruto, don't just run off and
do whatever you want!
(BORUTO) Shikadai!
[chuckle]
It's really not fair that you
didn't tell us you were having
so much fun.
Mitsuki!
(MITSUKI) Lightning Style!
[grunt]
Wohoo!
Hang on tight to that pole!
Earth Style! Mud Wall!
That fish is exactly what my
beauty needs, and that's the
reason why...
I'll make sure to
catch it!
I will block his escape route!
Just keep hanging in there,
Boruto!
Thanks, you guys!
Now, let's do this!
Alright, Cha! Damnit!
Ahhh!
This is your chance, Boruto.
I'm on it!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Okay, then...
This is it!
[Oh's and Aw's]
[chewing] There's no doubt...
It's the elusive...!
Such umami‐‐! I'll definitely
remember this taste eternally...
[chewing[
Well, "eternally" might be
exaggerating a little bit. But
it's totally delicious.
Seriously thanks
for all this Boruto!
(IWABE) It was definitely worth
the effort to cook!
Hm.
What's wrong? Not hungry?
Huh?!
All of us caught this together.
And I think that the teamwork we
showed tonight was nothing short
of amazing, don't you agree?
Yes! Your Summoning Jutsu was
awesome, Class Rep!
[chuckle]
The power it had was just
incredible!
(DENKI) Your Earth Style was
cool, too, Iwabe!
Together we all managed to catch
the Eternal Carp. Every one of
us played a part in it.
[chuckle]
Huh?
You know what my
mom said earlier?
She told me the friends
from her childhood are
still her best friends.
I don't know if that's really
"eternal" or not, but...
(SUMIRE KAKEI) [gasp]
Huh?
I've never seen this before!
It's so beautiful!
[gasp]
You sure can't see this from
inside the village.
It's amazing...
We gotta come back here! It's so
awesome!
Well, I guess it wouldn't be
that bad once in a while.
And the next time, let's catch
an even bigger fish!
[chewing]
Delicious! [chewing]
Even if I tried... I doubt I
could ever forget this.
(TONERI) Nothing remains
unchanged.
Fate is always flowing.
[pained groan]
[coughing and pained breaths]
Boruto...
With destiny as your opponent,
how will you keep fighting to
the bitter end?
(SHINO) So, Boruto, what kind of
ninja do you want to become?
(BORUTO) When I think about it,
there isn't really anything
in particular that I want
to do as a ninja...
(SHINO) What?! But‐ You're
saying that now?!
You know the graduation exam's
coming up, don't you?!
(BORUTO) Look, I'll make
something happen! I'm
exceptional!
Isn't that what you
called me?!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Parent Teacher
Conference!"
(SHINO) Students these days...
They're not giving much thought
to why they want to become
ninja...